When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    I'd use a remote repo when I am collaborating with others on a project, or just
    to be able to access a project on multiple machines. For instance, if I'm
    working on a project on school computers, my macbook, laptop, and/or desktop.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    Probably the biggest reason not to automatically pull is when other people are
    contributing to the repo. An automatic pull might pull a branch that someone
    else has modified that I might not want to work on at the moment, thus throwing
    off my coding.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    Forks are used when you want to proceed on a project that someone else started
    that you may or may not have access to edit. Clones is making a local copy of
    an existing repo. Branches are making another version of a branch that won't
    intefere with the previous one. Forks are best used when expanding a project
    based on something someone else started. Cloning would be better when working
    on my own project, or a project I'm a member of the development team. Branhing
    is best when working on a project where I'm a member of the team and I don't
    want to disturb the master or production branch.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    This allows you to make changes to a state available to others knowing what
    the state was when you started. It allows you to code without worrying about
    someone else's changes causing issues with what you are working on.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    Fill in your answer here

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    Fill in your answer here
